     The greatest error one can make when creating CDR is forgetting to include all of the information required to correctly assess. A report 
     that is inadequately drafted may damage the application for an Australian Skilled Migration visa.
     In the career episodes, one must discuss your engineering work or all of those projects in depth while keeping in mind what EA wants.    
     Remember, they are seeking to determine your talents and profile; therefore, you should project your professional profile with prudence. 
     Avoid supplying extraneous information since it complicates the evaluation process and may result in CDR rejection.
     For the Career episodes, the essay format is necessary. Avoid utilizing bullet points and stick to the 1000–2500-word limit for each career 
     episode. Within that word limit, try to incorporate all of the important material requested by Engineers Australia.
     It would be useful to include the project's issue statements and the measures you took to tackle the problem in your career episode report. 
     It  will help you better define your contributions to the project.
     The career episodes illustrate your application of engineering knowledge and abilities within the selected engineering subject. It is where  
     you discuss your project or challenge, how you solved it, and the outcomes. Additional computations can be provided if necessary. Tables, 
     charts, and computations in excess, on the other hand, will not be accepted and will result in CDR rejection.
     The simplest approach to prevent making mistakes is to familiarize yourself with the EA standards. These have been set up to help you 
     write your CDR report. You may even employ an expert for CDR reviewing and ensure that you do not make any blunders. Getting competent 
     help will guarantee that your CDR is a success.
     While having certain technical elements in your report is permissible, incorporating too many technical aspects in your CDR report raises 
     your chances of CDR rejection. Avoid using too many tables, figures, charts, or images in your CDR report, because they will damage it 
     greatly.
     Plagiarism is the most common reason for project or application rejection or failure, regardless of the kind. Never plagiarize samples from   
     the internet. Even if done accidentally, it might be grounds for dismissal. Because the CDR report is meant to be unique, you should do your 
     best to personalize it to your profile and initiatives. You can always employ the help of a professional writing service and CDR reviewing 
     Service to help you write a plagiarism-free CDR report. Plagiarism is a felony, so remember that.



CDRassessmenthelp . com
Completed pages:
1:Landing
2:Contact Us
3:About Us
4:Blogs
5:Blog-1
6:Testimonials(Customer Testimonials)
7:Order Now
8:Pricing
9: Meet Our Experts*
10:Services
11.FAQ
12:CDR Writing
13:CDR Reviewing
14.Privacy Policy
15.Disclaimer
16.Refund Ploicy

Pages to be completed:

1:Career Episode Writing
2:Summary Statement Writing
3:Stage1 Competency Assessment
4:Stage2 Competency Assessment
5:CPD Writing
6:CDR Plagiarism Checking and Removal
7:CV Reume Writing
8:CDR Sample pages
9:ANZSCO Code pages








Each Career Episode report writing must be written in Australian English in your own words. However, knowing English, or even 
Australian English, is  insufficient. Career Episodes report writing should always be in the first person and the active voice. In general, 
you should begin your statements with the word 'I.' For example, 'I created,' 'I researched,' 'I examined,' and so on.

Every incident of your career episode report writing must clearly illustrate the application of engineering knowledge and abilities in 
the selected occupation, stating what you did and describing how you did it, stressing your participation in the incident.

Career episodes report must be written in essay format, but the technical portions should be narrative rather than giving the 
mathematical calculations and the engineering design/fabrication process.

It is critical to number each paragraph in each of your Career Episode reports to provide a reference in the Summary Statement 
Writing. The preferred format is as follows:


Career episode report 1 (paragraphs 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, and so on.)
Career episode report 2 (paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, and so on.)
Career episode report 3 (paragraphs 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, and so on.)



The introduction of a Career Episode report should be 
approximately 100 words. It should serve as an opening to 
a particular episode. It 
should include basic information such as:
       Chronology - Dates and duration of the episode.
       Identify the educational institution/organisation where 
       the  experience was achieved.
       The geographical location of your project (city, state, or 
       nation) where you acquired experience.




The introduction should be between 200 and 500 words long. It 
should establish the operational context of the work/study. Its 
purpose is to give a solid context for your professional episode. 
It should provide the following information in the Career Episode 
report writing:
       The nature of the engineering project that you completed.
       Goals of your Project.
       Chart of an organisational structure illustrating your position in 
       the  project's hierarchy during that Career Episode.
       Statement of your responsibilities regarding the project at hand 
       (provide an official duty statement where available).




This section of the Career Episode writing in Australia should 
be between 500 and 1000 words in length. Personal Engineering 
Activity is the primary body of your Career Episode Report. It 
should detail your practical application of engineering ability 
(i.e., you should start writing about your work as an engineer). 
The following information should be included:
       Your specific role in the team.
       How you put your knowledge to use.
       The engineering tasks that were assigned to you.
       How did you complete the task?
       How do you collaborate with other members of your team?
       Any specific technical challenges or problems you faced and 
       how you resolved them.
       You made a significant contribution or devised tactics, 
       including  any original or innovative design work.




       The summary should be between 50 and 100 words and is the final section of your Career Episode Report (CER). It should be a summary 
of the entire event and include the following details:
        A summary of your project.
        Information on whether or not the project's goals/objectives were   
        reached.
        Mention the praise if you got any for the project.
        In the conclusion section, explain how your contribution to the  
        project aided the effort.



CDRassessmenthelp . com
Completed pages:
1:Landing
2:Contact Us
3:About Us
4:Blogs
5:Blog-1
6:Testimonials(Customer Testimonials)
7:Order Now
8:Pricing
9: Meet Our Experts*
10:Services
11.FAQ
12:CDR Writing
13:CDR Reviewing
14.Privacy Policy
15.Disclaimer
16.Refund Ploicy
17.Career Episode Writing
18:Summary Statement Writing
19:Stage1 Competency Assessment


Pages to be completed:


1:Stage2 Competency Assessment
2:CPD Writing
3:CDR Plagiarism Checking and Removal
4:CV Reume Writing
5:CDR Sample pages
6:ANZSCO Code pages



Stage 2 Competency Assessed engineers recognize the demands of customers, a diverse set of stakeholders, and society as a whole.
Chartered member Engineers in Australia have an understanding of the system, service, method, or program that optimizes social, 
environmental, and economic results.
Stage 2 Competency Assessment ascertains that the managerial contribution has been correctly incorporated into the overall project, 
process, or program.
Chartered members of Engineers Australia communicate well with people from various disciplines, jobs, and backgrounds.
Chartered Professions of Engineers in Australia have knowledge on the assessment of technology potential by society, corporations, 
and governments.
Stage 2 Competency Assessment ensures the greatest degree of feasibility, such policy decisions are sufficiently informed by 
possibilities and ramifications for Engineers in Australia.
Stage 2 Competency Assessment assures the costs, risks, and restrictions are appropriately understood in relation to the intended outcomes.
Stage 2 Competency Assessment brings knowledge from many sources to bear on the creation of solutions to complex problems and difficulties.
Chartered members of Engineers Australia make certain that technical and non-technical factors are properly integrated.
Stage 2 Competency Assessment states both risk management and long-term sustainability are critical issues.
They guaranteed that all components of a project, program, or process were founded on theory and underlying principles.
Chartered member of Engineers Australia guarantees that all components of a project, program, or process were founded on theory 
and underlying principles.









AI-based plagiarism detection tool to check for plagiarism in your CDR for Engineers Australia.
Our professional writers will alter the plagiarised content to make it original. Engineers Australia does not accept CDR with plagiarism.
Multilevel checking of your CDR to detect plagiarism and removing it before submitting CDR to Engineers Australia.
Expert guidance to any engineering applicants or students that need help in preparing a Plagiarism-free CDR report for Engineers Australia.



	Excluding measurable achievements.
	Writing a CDR resume that is not relevant to the job.
	Writing CDR resume in an improper format containing spelling and grammatical errors.
	Writing CDR resume without dates of work and list of skills acquired. 
	Applications that do not provide important information in an orderly fashion.


CPD writing helps to make you stay knowledgeable and updated. A well-written CPD opens you to new possibilities, new skills, and new 
knowledge in your career profession.
CPD Writing ensures that you and your knowledge and skills stay up to date and aware of your profession's recent trends and directions.
CPD helps to stay updated where you can advance the aspects of knowledge and technology within the engineer’s career profession in Australia.
CPD also helps you stay to make a countable contribution to your team. You become more proactive in the workplace.
A well-crafted CPD for Engineers Australia ensures all your abilities keep pace with the current standards of others in the same domain.
CPD writing also ensures that you maintain all the skills and knowledge you need to deliver a professional service to the clients, customers, 
and community.
CPD helps you to develop public confidence in your career profession.


CDRassessmenthelp . com
Completed pages:
1:Landing
2:Contact Us
3:About Us
4:Blogs
5:Blog-1
6:Testimonials(Customer Testimonials)
7:Order Now
8:Pricing
9: Meet Our Experts*
10:Services
11.FAQ
12:CDR Writing
13:CDR Reviewing
14.Privacy Policy
15.Disclaimer
16.Refund Ploicy
17.Career Episode Writing
18:Summary Statement Writing
19:Stage1 Competency Assessment
20.Stage2 Competency Assessment
21.CPD Writing
22.:CDR Plagiarism Checking and Removal
23.CV Reume Writing


Pages to be completed:
5:CDR Sample pages
6:ANZSCO Code pages




489 (S/T) Occupations List
482 TSS Visa Medium Term List
407 Training visa occupations List
482 TSS Visa Regional Occupation List
189 Skilled Independent and Family Sponsored 489 Occupations List and 485 Graduate Work Stream
190 State/Territory Sponsored 
186 ENS Visa Occupations List
187 RSMS Visa Occupations List
491 – Skilled Work Regional (provisional) visa (subclass 491) Occupation List
494 – Skilled Employer-Sponsored Regional (provisional) (subclass 494) – Employer-sponsored stream



Australian Graduate exceptions apply in some states/territories
Priority Skilled Lists may apply a specific requirement in some states
Countries free from submitting IELTS or OET include the UK, Canada, New Zealand, US, and Ireland. Where mandatory licensing or 
registration is required, you must demonstrate a level of English sufficient to meet licensing / registration or a minimum IELTS, or 
equivalent, whichever is higher.






IELTS result with a minimum score of 6 (L, R, W), 7 in speaking and 7 overall;
OET result with a minimum grade B in all sections;
TOEFL iBT with a minimum score (L:12 R:13 W:21 S:23 overall L93);
PTE Academic with a min score of 50 (L, R, W), 65 in speaking and 65 overall.

     
Chemical engineers design chemical process systems and planning control systems for operations such as removing and separating 
components, effecting chemical changes, testing and evaluating fuels, transferring heat, and controlling the storage and handling of 
solids, liquids, and gases.
Chemical engineers maintain regular communication with material producers, such as metals, ceramics, polymers, cement, and 
elastomers, throughout the exploration and assessment of materials suited for specific product applications.
Chemical engineers met the requirement by using appropriate materials and equipment.
It’s the Chemical engineer’s duty to plan and carry out laboratory operations for the development of new materials, as well as 
fabrication techniques for new materials to meet manufacturing cost and performance criteria.
Checking equipment operation and maintenance to ensure optimal efficiency under safe operating circumstances is the 
responsibility of chemical engineers.
Chemical engineers ensure the proper materials and equipment are utilised and meet standards.
Chemical engineer investigates product use and pollution control issues.
Examining new product plans and giving material selection suggestions based on design criteria and considerations such as 
strength, weight, and cost falls under civil engineering.
It’s the Chemical engineer’s duty to plan and carry out laboratory operations for the development of new materials, as well as 
fabrication techniques for new materials to meet manufacturing cost and performance criteria.
Chemical engineers review product failure data and conduct laboratory testing to determine or rule out potential reasons and 
provide advice on how to resolve any issues.
